// DO NOT CRASH THE SERVER

1. Make INDFOR Friendly to BLUFOR and Hostile to OPFOR
2. Make FSBs damaged (artillery them to make it look like a warzone)
3. Setup base defense AI (Nui Dat Airbase)
4. Execute Mission Zeus SQF and set ambient animation for AI near spawn area / base
5. Move spawn box, supply box and orange box to the respective positions (Refer the exact coordinates below)
6. Add fortifications / trenchlines around FSBs (MOST IMPORTANTLY NEAR WILLIAM)
7. Add civilians in the area (MOST IMPORTANTLY NEAR WILLIAM)
8. Set time to 07:30 AM (normal acceleration) and Date to November 29 1972
9. Add ambient helicopters and planes flying towards USS Eisenhower
10. @Airbase Romeo - Add more helicopters landing and taking off with soldiers and civilians to USS Eisenhower. // (Most have been scripted, only few manual take offs required for planes)
11. Add more aircrew and civilians in USS Eisenhower. (Maybe possible add in more aircraft carriers in the surrounding?)
12. Profit???







=== [[[ Verbal Briefing ]]]  === 




Attention, everyone!

We are in a critical phase of our mission in Phoc Tuy Province. The NVA's aggression has intensified, and their determination to confront us head-on is evident. Our convoy faced heavy attacks last mission, but thanks to the escort from FSB Melisa, we made it to Nui Dat Airbase, albeit with significant casualties and equipment losses.

MACV HQ has issued a general retreat order for the region. Our objective now is to evacuate, with our company being the second to last unit to leave. The ARVN will take over our sectors and base defenses. They are ready and trained to maintain stability once we are gone hopefully. Either way, we don't care. 

So for now, here's the plan!

Hold Nui Dat Airbase until all US personnel have been evacuated and ARVN forces have taken over. We need to ensure a smooth transition and secure evacuation. The temporary base defense forces can hold this airbase on their own with ARVN, it is not recommended unless you want to delegate your platoons for QRFs elsewhere.

Fallback to Airbase Romeo once Nui Dat is secure. Continue to hold Airbase Romeo until our final evacuation to the USS Eisenhower. We need to maintain a strong defense during this phase.

Locate and evacuate four Embassy personnel that are mission-critical with the codenames "Oliver," "John," "Richard," and "William." Their extraction is crucial. John is in the northern town speaking with the locals the frontlines about our continued support. Oliver is located south of our airbase. Richard was last headed west to inspect and investigate FSB Cook and the surroundings while Oliver is held up at the Embassy at Vung Tau refusing to evacuate hoping that we will win this war and there is still time for things to change drastically.

Most importantly, we have lost communications with the security team escoring John and Richard. Their lives may be at stake. Locating and recovering them is of the highest priority.

Moreover, we are also tasked to rescue and evacuate US Army personnel from FSB Cook, Defense Lines Burgerstop, Sandwich and Fallback Line Omaha. We've got intel that the NVA will likely conduct preliminary skirmishes in these positions.

And finally, evacuate to the USS Eisenhower for debriefing and further instructions.

We have SOAR support for this operation. The available aircraft include ACH-47 Guns a Go Go, CH-53D Sea Stallions, CH-47A Chinooks, CH-34 Choctaws, and UH-1D Iroquois. Hydra will have direct access to F-4B Phantoms for close air support if needed. Use them as needed.

The NVA has deployed more armored units and aircraft, and they are expected to launch a full assault soon. We must complete our objectives and evacuate before their main force arrives.

Due to the not-so coordinated retreat order, the region is under general chaos with company commanders rushing to evacuate the equipment and troops from various parts of the region. The airspace is busy and additional support may not be possible to be provided in time. Good luck!

I'll take any questions now!














Spawn
_this setPosATL [6612.962, 7324.843, 0];

Supply
_this setPosATL [6596.843, 7336.048, 0];
_this setPosATL [6594.33, 7335.993, 0];
_this setPosATL [6592.056, 7336.242, 0];



Orange
_this setPosATL [6598.975, 7335.915, 0];




