// DO NOT CRASH THE SERVER

1. Execute Mission Zeus SQF
2. Remove grass at airstrip
3. Spawn AC-47s & respawn the M-113 ACAV vehicles to match the paint
4. Make zeuses invincible
5. Set time to 6 AM and pause time
6. Set time accelaration as needed
7. Execute Init, Zeus FPS View and Carpet Run scripts
 





=== [[[ Verbal Briefing ]]]  === 




Three weeks ago in October, the People's Army of Vietnam also known as the North Vietnamese Army or NVA launched a new offensive against the Pleiku province of South Vietnam. NVA Major General Chu Hui Man believed that if he can destroy the South Vietnamese forces in the region along with any U.S. Reinforcements the NVA can gain control of the Pleiku province.

As such, General Mann's forces completed their trek down the Ho Chi Minh trail through Laos and Cambodia and launched a siege against Plei Me, the HQ of the South Vietnamese Army's II Corps. A joint U.S. and South Vietnamese armoured column to moved to Plei Me from
Plaiku to relief the defenders but was hit by an ambush by the NVA's 32nd Regiment. The Armored Coloum managed to hold off the ambush while also sustaining heavy casualties and made the NVA troops begin a fighting withdrawal to the Cambodian border.

Major General Harry Kinnard, Commander of The First Cavalry Division deployed in the region since September, saw this as an opportunity to demonstrate the potency of helicopter-borne Air Cavalry Division by hunting down and rapidly deploying infantry against the retreating vietnamese forces hidden in the forest.

After nearly three weeks of burning large amounts of aviation fuel desperately needed elsewhere in the war, the First Brigade have only achieved small-scale skirmishes and ambushes against the retreating force and not a knockout blow. Frustrated with the lack of results
Kinnard replaces 1st Brigade with 3rd Brigade on the 9th of November.

The 3rd Brigade is alerted to a communist assembly area on the Chupong mountain to the west holding at least three NVA regiments and under pressure from the increasingly impatient General Westmoreland, the 3rd Brigade Commander Colonel Tim Brown tells the 3rd Brigade's 1st Battalion 77th Cavalry Regiment Commander Colonel Knight to take his Company to search the east edge of Chupong Mountain the next day.